According to the Oxford online dictionary, the definition of accessibility is "the quality of being able to be reached or entered" 
(Oxford Dictionary). After completing the readings and audio sample, I found myself quite surprised at the current situation in terms of 
disabled individuals and web accessibility. Despite it being a hard pill to swallow and something some may find hard to admit, the facts 
are that able-bodied people are quick to either forget about the challenges that disabled people face or they "unintentionally" sweep these barriers under the rug. I myself am guilty at times, and really need to be more sensitive and aware of what other people have to face.
I am shocked, however, at despite the Internet's amazing potential, it still falls short for some people in terms of accessibility. For 
example, according to the "Into to Accessibility" article, "some sites can only be navigated using a mouse, and only a very small 
percentage of video or multimedia has been captioned for the Deaf." It's interesting that it all comes down to businesses, websites, and 
schools simply being aware and educated to the specific issues disabled people face technologically. The "Intro to Accessibility" article 
states that "Visual, Hearing, Motor, and Cognitive". Failure to exclude these customers would inevitably be a violation of the law. What I 
found even more surprising, however, was the fact that some companies find it easier to simply avoid customizing their sites in able to 
create easier accessibility. For example, " Sometimes web developers fear that it is more expensive and time-consuming to create 
accessible web sites than it is to create inaccessible ones. This fear is largely untrue. The benefits of providing access to a larger 
population almost always outweigh the time required by a knowledgeable developer to implement that accessibility."
Despite many leaders pledging their promise to commit to creating better web accessibility, this should be backed up policy: eliminating 
the chances of any gray areas to arise when it comes to what the rule is. Furthermore, there are multiple options and tools web developers 
can utilize in order to maintain a solid understanding of web accessibility. The "Intro" article states " A developer can learn the basics 
of web accessibility in just a few days, but, as with any technical skill, it often takes months to internalize the mind set as well as the techniques. Online resources, such as the WebAIM articles, resources, email discussion list, monthly newsletter, and blog provide relevant resources for administrators, developers, and designers. There are many professionals that can help your organization ensure high accessibility. WebAIM offers onsite training, consulting & technical assistance, accessible site design, and other services." In the end, these readings have provided me a better understanding of some of the hardships the disabled face when it comes to accessing the web. This has reminded me that there are some accessibility-related design choices that I need to make sure I make when it comes to the text to hypertext project. This includes but not limited to: not requiring mouse usage, avoiding complete reliability on JavaScript, as well as making sure that any text is easy to read and interpret. These are all things I will be sure to be more cognitive of from here on out. 
