I’ve always enjoyed technology and the different ways in which it helps our lives. As much as I can try, I probably could not imagine life 
without it. Unfortunately, I am just not a tech-savvy person. Honestly, I never have been. Microsoft Office is basically the extent of my 
computer skills and that’s really it. This is both surprising and frustrating, due to the fact that most people my age and my generation 
overall are known for their knowledge when it comes to the world of technology. Such is not the case for myself, sadly.
When we were first assigned the HTML modules, I found myself incredibly nervous. The fact that this class is web based already made me 
wonder how things would go, or if it would be a struggle or not. As soon as I read “HTML”, I was instantly dreading it, as silly as that 
may sound. The only thing I knew prior regarding HTML was that it is a jumbled mess of numbers, letters, and symbols. The unorganized mess 
can easily be compared to my brain whenever I even look at or try to figure out HTML. Just kidding, kind of.
When I first began the HTML tutorials, things seemed to be going smoothly. The explanations were clear, and basically self-explanatory. 
However, that easiness quickly changed. I immediately started getting stuck and confused, and even googling help just was not doing the 
trick. But wait! There was a “hint” button! I was saved! Not quite. The absolute, most frustrating thing, hands down, about this project 
was the ridiculously useless hint button. The majority of the time, the “hints” that it provided had little to nothing to do with what the 
actual issue was. It was beyond annoying and frustrating and in my opinion, a waste of time to even click on. In terms of things that I 
found too easy, I can’t recall any. Every aspect of it seemed to have some sort of challenge. However, that may just have been myself 
considering that technology is not my forte. I must admit that I enjoyed the CSS exercises much, much more than the HTML portions. It made 
a lot more sense to me, and was overall easier. With CSS, the steps and directions were a lot more clear and concise I thought, as well as 
there just being fewer. I think that a lot of the difficulties associated with the HTML exercises was the fact that it was purely 
overwhelming! I mean, just glancing at the pages where we were expected to put input was a migraine in itself. The CSS lessons were the 
only enjoyable part of this project, at least for me.
In the end, I have to be completely honest, I really did not enjoy this project. It was stressful and unbelievably time consuming. But 
hey, that’s college, right? Despite seeming really hectic and jumbled, I have always found HTML to be fascinating and pretty cool. It 
brings back flashbacks of the good ‘ole “Myspace” days, something most folks my age probably remember well. Perhaps in the future I will 
use this experience and become better at HTML.
