This web writing class has taught me much more than what I already knew. Despite belonging to a more than tech-savvy generation, I’ve 
always been somewhat of an old soul when it comes to anything involving the internet. However, this class has given me the tools and 
therefore the confidence to take on web writing projects in the future. As much as I didn’t think I would, I really enjoyed the 
text-to-hypertext project. It was fun constructing my own website and seeing the overall layout. I found myself being excited to see the 
final product, photos and all. On the syllabus for the course, there are a list of learning goals for the class and the semester overall. 
Looking back, I see how I applied these throughout the text-to-hypertext project as well as my Wordpress website.
The first bullet is “applying the fundamentals of user experience and accessibility to web design”. I implemented this into both of my 
websites by making sure that information was easily found via subpages and that the pages didn’t come off as too overwhelming. When 
building these sites, I tried to write from the perspective of the average web visitor. The second point was “learn how literacy, 
credibility, copyright, and technology affect web development”. At first, one may think that this is the most obvious point, yet there 
were parts of it I truly didn’t understand at first. I think I somewhat undermined the importance of copyright, and how it actually is a 
pretty big deal in the age of technology. Imagining myself as the creator or owner of certain properties, I was able to construct my sites 
with this in mind. Finally, “design and/or redesign web projects for audiences using basic software tools, templates, and languages such 
as HTML and CSS”. I never thought I would be able to code HTML or use CSS, much less create any type of website, but I ended up doing just 
that. 
Alas, I proved to myself that I could accomplish my goals of becoming more educated when it came to writing anything for the web, as well 
as gain a better understanding of web writing fundamentals. The text-to-hypertext project has completely increased my confidence in terms 
of site building, and I am looking forward to doing that again in the future. 
