Website Analysis
Like most products and other aspects that make up this consumerist society we live in, websites are constructed, produced, and customized with the customer, or, in this case, audience in mind. From the targeted audience to font color, to functionality and navigation, every aspect of a website must be taken into consideration when being created. Some sites are more effective and successful than others simply due to the design overall.
Targeted Audience
According to “Letting Go of the Words”, “Understanding your site visitors and their needs is critical to deciding what to write, how much to write, the vocabulary to use, and how to organize the content on your web site” (Redish 20). During the design process, every website is created with an audience in mind who will know how to navigate and relate to the site. The two informational websites I decided to analyze was the Gulf Coast Humane Society and Care.com. The GCHS site is obviously aimed to those families or individuals who are interested in either adopting or fostering a homeless cat or dog. While browsing through the site, I noticed that other than the photos posted, not much is kid friendly. I mean this in the sense that there is nothing on the website to attract kids, such as games, coloring pages, etc. It simply is an informational site aimed towards adults looking to expand their families and perhaps give an animal a better life. The website, however, is quite colorful. A visit to the home page immediately displays a moving banner and collage at the top of different animals that are available. To the right of the page, a calendar of up and coming events is posted, including adoption days and charity/fundraising events. The site’s text also proves the targeted audience is adults. For example, the home page states “We are a 501(c)(3) nonprofit, no-kill animal shelter that houses and cares for hundreds of adoptable dogs and cats. We were founded on January 15th, 1945 by a group of animal lovers with Frances Weil leading the cause.” Not too many adolescents I know are familiar with 501(c)(3) nonprofits.
Similarly, the website Care.com is also aimed at an adult audience and demographic. Care.com is known for providing a way for families to find almost any type of care needed; whether that is senior, child, pet, or even special needs. When first visiting the home page of Care.com, visitors will notice the color coded tabs representing different services. On the opposite side, there are also a smaller selection of colored tabs, each representing something on the local level including news, “my town”, and the personal profile tab. Other than the photos on the homepage and a few thumbnail pictures here and there, I was surprised to see that there were actually less photos on this site than there were on the prior. However, the profiles of hopeful nannies and caretakers of course included photos. There were various other links and tabs on the homepage, all providing site visitors links to other pages of information such as references and background checks. Like Gulf Coast Humane Society’s website, it is fairly obvious that Care.com is directed toward adults. The multiple types of services and providers listed on the site, however, make an audience composed of people with elderly parents, busy parents looking for a nanny, those who need pet sitters, and even those who are leaving on vacation and want a house sitter. Judging by the text and overall design of these websites, figuring out who the audiences were was a difficulty-free task.
Website Strengths
When it comes to visiting websites, people come for the content, or the meat and potatoes, so to speak. For example, according to Redish, “People don’t come to websites or mobile apps or social media for the joy of navigating or searching. They don’t usually come to admire the design. They don’t focus on the technology. They come for the content that they think (or hope) is there” (1). Not having content constructed in the most effective ways can ultimately be the downfall of a website. Both the Gulf Coast Humane Society and Care.com’s websites have their fair share of pros and cons. Fortunately, I saw more pros with both of these sites.
In Chapter 9 of “Letting Go of the Words”, Redish details the importance of websites including and utilizing useful headings. For example, “Headings—especially question headings—are your site visitors’ turns in the conversation” (165). She also states that “Good headings help readers in many ways” (165). Luckily, this is one of the first aspects of GCHS’s website that I had noticed upon my visit. There are multiple headings directing visitors in a variety of directions, however, each one of them are specific and noticeable enough to not be considered confusing. For example, in bright colors and big font, there are headings above spaying and neutering information that reads “Free Spay/Neuter!” as well as “Volunteer!”. There are also headings above each category in terms of adoption/fostering including “bottle babies”, “seniors”, and “special needs”. These headings are broken up into separate content under the “foster” tab. Aside from basic headings, Redish also suggests using a question as a heading, stating that that is a good heading style. She states “When you write questions as headings, you play out both sides of the conversation. You put the site visitor on the page with you—the site visitor asks the question; you answer it” (170). For example, under the tab on the GCHS’s website labeled “GCHS BUCDAYS K9 COURT”, there is a heading titled “Is Your Dog Ready to Set Sail on the Adventure of a Lifetime?”. Headings like these are effective and considered useful as they point visitors in the specific direction they need to go. Similarly, on Care.com’s home page, they have multiple headings listed as questions. For example, the first headings on the page immediately give a sense of direction by asking “Looking for a Caregiver?” or “Looking for a Job?”. According to the text, these headings are extremely effective and do well for a website.
Website Weaknesses 
Along with the websites multiple strengths, I did notice a weakness or two, here and there. For example, the Nielsen Norman Group published an article titled “How Chunking Helps Content Processing”. The article is for the most part self-explanatory, in that it details how information on a site should not be too cluttered as that would be both frustrating and difficult for a visitor to navigate. For example, the site states “Presenting content in chunks makes scanning easier for users and can improve their ability to comprehend and remember it. In practice, chunking is about creating meaningful, visually distinct content units that make sense in the context of the larger whole” (Meyer).  While exploring the Humane Society’s website, I noticed that there was some information in “chunks” on the homepage, however, the tabbed information led to pages with information that wasn’t so compact. This included large paragraphs as well as boxes that despite having headers, had a lot of information underneath. Aside from this, both websites were constructed very well, and could be easily navigated by its audience.
Websites overall aren’t incredibly easy to create. In fact, the task can be very difficult. Having a well put together site is not only effective, but will also draw in larger audiences with a simple click of the mouse. Despite one or two weak points, both Care.com and the Gulf Coast Humane Society have excellent websites that do exactly what they were created for: to provide information and keep people coming back. If all websites toward the appropriate measures and effort, the world-wide web would be a much more pleasing experience.

Works Cited
1.	"Find Child Care, Senior Care and Pet Care and More." Care.com There for you. N.p., n.d. Web. 14 Mar. 2017.
2.	"Gulf Coast Humane Society." Gulf Coast Humane Society. N.p., n.d. Web. 14 Mar. 2017.
3.	Meyer, Kate. "How Chunking Helps Content Processing." How Chunking Helps Content Processing. N.p., 20 Mar. 2016. Web. 22 Mar. 2017.
4.	Redish, Janice. Letting go of the words. Waltham: Morgan Kaufmann, 2014. Print.
